So before we get into any specific channel, it is very important that you
understand what goes viral on social media.
So the key metrics are watch time
plus people sharing plus engagement. Well, actually engagement is included in
people sharing, but basically just getting someone to watch your video and then
have an interaction. So whether that's sharing the video commenting
harding the video
that is what ultimately causes the algorithm to pick it up and show it to more
people.
And there are many ways to skin a cat and go viral.
The hook is by far the most important.
You need to have a scroll-stopping moment and
there are many different ways to do this. You need to capture the attention.
These users, the average time a teenager is spending on their
phone nowadays is fucking ridiculous. It's like seven hours a day that they're
just sitting there scrolling tick-tock and
so they see hundreds if not thousands of videos.
What's to say they would stop on your video? Why are you so special?
You need something that's gonna fucking catch their attention and get them to
stop.
So there are a few examples that I've pulled. These are not the only ways to
get someone's attention, but these are
pretty common ones that you'll see.
So one is a fight. Everyone loves watching a fight at school. What's the most
...
What's the biggest event that always happens where everyone just surrounds
people in a cafeteria?
Everyone pulls out their phone, starts recording, shares it to their friends. A
fight. People are fighting and everyone wants to see.
Fights, it's just human nature that people want to watch them.
So...
I don't know what they're fighting, but yeah, she swung at her and this video
got
415,000 likes and I don't know if we could pull this, but at least a few...
Yeah,
7.6 million views. Now this guy then goes in and just talks the rest of the
video and talks about...
I don't even know what he talks about, but
this was the hook that got people to stop and watch. They even didn't...
And then the rest is like, okay, you got people to stop.
Now him talking, that's like get the watch time. Get people to watch, get
people to comment, share, like...
Let's read some of these comments. I mean people are talking about the fight.
Let's... What is he even talking about?
Big people. Just because you're big does not mean that you're gonna win every
fight.
Okay, that little skinny girl.
Okay, he's talking about the fight.
Yeah, so catch their attention and then do something on the same topic to get
the watch time, get people to share,
get people to like and engage. Okay.
The next scroll-stopping moment that we're gonna go over is another human
desire, human urge, a primal,
innate thing is sex. People are gonna stop if they see a hot girl.
Let's see.
Don't fucking...
die like this bro.
There's no fucking hack bro. There is no...
Boom catches your attention with a hot girl and then the rest of the video is
like...
You got a lot of fucking die like this bro.
This is a guy. It's not a hot girl anymore. The hook got you to stop and then
the rest like it's motivation.
It gets you to like the video, it gets you to comment, maybe share it to a
friend,
trick them into thinking it's a hot girl and then it's motivation as well.
And...
So that is another good way to hook someone in.
And there are a lot of variations by the way of how to use any of these hooks
like this sex hook.
A lot of times it's used for different motivation pages to be like...
To catch your attention and they're like, you got to lock in man, you're being
too distracted.
But then there's also a lot of other people doing that like the quitter guys.
They have a whole channel dedicated to this Connor and Alex where they show a
video of some hot girl
and then it cuts to like the goon police is what they call it.
Let's actually see if we can pull it up right now.
Goon police.
Yeah, this is their account.
So let's see what they're doing.
So they're just basically making fun of people that are that are doing it.
It's getting their attention and then drives them to quitter.
That's their hook. Their hook is sex.
The next scroll-solving moment is getting an influential figure.
Now at a certain point for celebrities, you no longer need a hook for, I guess
influencers,
I'll say, not celebrities because that doesn't necessarily imply that they're
on social media.
But when people think of influencers, they mostly think of TikTokers.
Those kind of people.
So early on they need hooks to get people to stop and then watch to hear
whatever they're going to say.
With any of you become famous enough, you become the hook.
Why does MrBeast use his face on every single thumbnail?
Every single thumbnail is MrBeast's face because he is the hook.
He is the scroll-solving moment.
You see his face and you associate that with good content.
You know you're going to get something good. You know you're going to get what
you want.
It's the same thing with on TikTok.
You're scrolling. You see someone famous.
You see a famous MrBeast video.
You're going to stop and scroll.
So let's see how it's used.
$1 or Mr. Gift?
Mr. Gift, essentially a gift.
Boom, so that was past the hook.
The hook, by the way, is always like the first three seconds.
And right away, you can see MrBeast.
Boom, MrBeast right there.
Mr. Gift, very good.
Very good.
Mr. Gift, essentially a gift.
Open it.
And MrBeast isn't even talking.
He doesn't need to talk for people to know it's him and for him to be used as
the hook.
He's just there.
And this video, this guy alone, he's pretty famous.
He's four million followers.
But notice how this was his most popular video ever, one of them.
I see there's a 24 million view one.
But this video, 22.8 million views.
And that's not a coincidence.
That's because it's a collab with MrBeast.
MrBeast, who's way more famous, is used as the hook.
Whereas the other ones, it's the same exact video,
but it's just without MrBeast hooking them in.
There's also the curiosity hook.
Let's watch this.
For about the universe.
Let me tell you a secret about the universe.
I want to know a secret about the universe.
What's this secret?
You could say, "Adjuday" at this point, he kind of is the influential figure
hook,
or like him alone, seeing his face.
A lot of people know him and are drawn to him.
But he was doing this before he was famous.
This is actually part of how he got famous,
as he would say these bold things,
he would make these statements,
he would draw people in with curiosity.
And that's how,
obviously he did a lot of controversial stuff too,
but you need the hooks.
Everybody always says.
So whatever, then he keeps talking, gets watched on blah blah blah.
So okay, then there is the urgency plus camera angle.
And this was actually, I want to show this one,
because it was more relevant.
It was an app.
And it will wash this for a solid breakdown what they do.
Fuck, I'm going to be late for work.
Thank God I got this thing installed.
Okay, there's the fit.
Let's get dressed.
Oh thank God.
I'm going to go know that, but it fits fire.
Let's go.
This guy wakes up in bed heat.
It's the first person point of view.
He was like, "Shit, I'm going to be late for work."
Throws off the cover, jumps out of bed.
The viewers strong on TikTok.
They're like, "What is this?
Who's this guy that's like jumping out of bed?"
You don't even have time to react and think.
You see this guy, that's, she's just...
Fuck, I'm going to be late for work.
It's like a relatable thing.
It's urgent.
There's a lot of urgent see there.
Fuck, I'm going to be late for work.
The viewer is hooked.
Instant hook right there.
And then he goes into his app.
I got, I got this thing installed.
Which shows, I don't know if it's his app.
He's just kind of good.
But it shows how to choose your outfit.
Three million likes.
Tens of millions of views.
You need your scroll-sopping moment.
It should give you ideas of how to get people's attention.
The rest of the video does not matter as much.
I'd say the hook is 50, is at least 50% of the work going into a video.
After that, you're just trying to get them to enjoy what they watch.
You want something relating to the hook.
Otherwise, they'll swipe off after the hook ends.
You want to keep, keep them interested.
And then ideally, they'll share the video or like, if you can pull that off.